ATR-859: PX1078 diagnostic (#574)
Acumatica/Acuminator: docs/Summary.md

| [PX1075](diagnostics/PX1075.md) | `PXCache.RaiseExceptionHandling` cannot be invoked from the `FieldDefaulting`, `FieldSelecting`, `RowSelecting`, and `RowPersisted` event handlers. | Error | Unavailable |
| [PX1076](diagnostics/PX1076.md) | This code calls Acumatica internal API marked with PXInternalUseOnlyAttribute which is not intended for public use | Warning | Unavailable |
| [PX1077](diagnostics/PX1077.md) | Event handlers in graphs and graph extensions should have the `protected` and `virtual` modifiers | Error | Available |

> | [PX1078](diagnostics/PX1078.md) | DAC field and referenced field have different types or size | Error | Unavailable |

Reviewer: @EAndrosova please check the summary for the new diagnostic

Reviewer: Remark from @EAndrosova 
```suggestion
| [PX1078](diagnostics/PX1078.md) | The DAC field and the referenced DAC field have different types or sizes. | Error | Unavailable |
```

Author: done

> | [PX1078](diagnostics/PX1078.md) | DAC property referencing foreign field should have same CLR type and same data type attributes | Error | Unavailable |

Reviewer: Its not necessary to have the same data type attributes, the fields should have same CLR types and size.
